AKS: Support outbound IPs when using standard loadbalancer (#4400)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `load_balancer_sku` - (Optional) Specifies the SKU of the Load Balancer used for this Kubernetes Cluster. Possible values are `basic` and `standard`. Defaults to `basic`.

> * `load_balancer_profile` - (Optional) A `load_balancer_profile` block. Dependent upon `load_balancer_sku` being `standard`.

Reviewer: to match the other resources could we make this:

```suggestion
* `load_balancer_profile` - (Optional) A `load_balancer_profile` block. This can only be specified when `load_balancer_sku` is set to `standard`.
```

---

A `load_balancer_profile` block supports the following:

~> **NOTE:** These options are mutually exclusive.

* `managed_outbound_ips` - (Optional) Count of desired managed outbound IPs for the cluster load balancer. Must be in the range of [1, 100].

> * `outbound_ip_prefixes` - (Optional) Desired outbound IP Prefix resources for the cluster load balancer.

Reviewer: since these are Resource ID's can we make this:

```suggestion
* `outbound_ip_prefixes` - (Optional) The ID of the outbound Public IP Address Prefixes which should be used for the cluster load balancer.
```

> * `outbound_ips` - (Optional) Desired outbound IP resources for the cluster load balancer.

Reviewer: since these are Resource ID's can we make this:

```suggestion
* `outbound_ips` - (Optional) The ID of the Public IP Addresses which should be used for outbound communication for the cluster load balancer.
```

The following attributes are exported:

> * `effective_outbound_ips` - The outcome of the specified arguments.

Reviewer: there's a separate section for exported fields - could we add this (and the block definition) there?
